Oh
hello everyone so welcome to the last
week of lectures I'm about to head off
to my last Friday morning lecture I
don't actually have lectures next term
so I literally have 10 lectures left or
something crazy like that and then
that's it it's gonna be weird not having
lectures anymore but anyway I've got a
lecture and then a supervision
unfortunately I scheduled my supervision
right when coffee break takes place so
that's very unfortunate if I'd actually
thought about things I'd have been like
wait let's shed to the supervision 15
minutes later so we can have our coffee
break and then go to the supervision but
no I've scheduled it right over the IOA
coffee break time after that I'm
actually done with supervision work for
this term so I have no more deadlines so
I'm going to London to see my sister
which is exciting and we're going to go
and see a musical which I'm even more
hyped for so I'll tell you more about
that later I should go to my lecture
because I am going to be late hello
again everyone
so I have had my lecture I have come
back from here and packed up my stuff
boom to go to London I'm so impressed I
fit everything in a rucksack I was
convinced I was gonna need to take a
suitcase cuz I don't pack light normally
I've kept it to the essentials I just
check train times now let's go I'm hyped
I'm free for a bit I'm not technically
free of all work because I have
computing projects which are still not
finished and I really should try and get
finished this weekend and there's still
revision of stuff I want to do and I've
got more lectures to come next week so
I'm not technically free from work but I
haven't got to hand anything in to be
marked so it takes the pressure off for
me at least I can work at my own pace so
I decided to walk to the station just
because I have to park my bike over
at the station I don't trust leaving it
there overnight
lots of likes get stolen or parts of
bikes get stolen especially around the
station area so it's just not worth it
when I need my bike for just a few more
months it's a nice sunny day anyway so I
don't really mind walking I'm not in a
rush or anything so I'm just taking my
time
the trains are nice and regular
here's a fun cambridge fact Parker's
piece which I'm walking across now was
where the first game of football was
ever played I think I used to cycle
across this piece all the time in first
year but now I don't really go to the
chemistry department much at all so I do
not cycle across here that much anymore
everyone so I was an idiot and I got on
the wrong train for ages I mean it was
going to the right place but it was just
the slow train when I just wanted the
fast train because I was going to London
Kings Cross I didn't care about the
stations in between
so I've literally been at the station
for a good part hour now maybe more I've
literally missed a train I could have
gone to take me to London Kings Cross my
rep next one it's not until eternity
which is 20 minutes time okay just
sometimes you know I'm an idiot also
train tickets so expensive my 60s 25
rail card which gets me Cyril tickets
right now so I need to renew that so
that I can get you
hello Pete so I am joined by my sister
and we are heading off for dinner before
the show we've quite early because you
know you never know whether it's going
to be delayed it's gonna be busy on a
Friday who's name but that we booked you
mates Gannett looking oh we also books
too late to get a later looking
apparently or if the peeps are Express
and I do love me at Pizza Express I'm
excited this musical is saying
everybody's talking about Jamie I listen
to one of the songs just on this random
musical playlist on Spotify and I was
like really vibing to it the next day
listen to all the songs I thought wow
what a soundtrack and then I was like
the video well we're gonna go sing it
and it's your organized tickets and
booked it you're smiling now are you
smiling about how stupid we look okay
but it doesn't quite got used to the
whole vlogging in public business we are
also going to a flat party afterwards
one of Lydia's course mates has their
birthday and they're having a party to
celebrate so we're gonna go to that
whoever is very upset by the fact that
we're gonna be out play and zosky one
we're gonna
I would like to be home by two o'clock
and I don't think that's unreasonable
move a little when I was thinking more
like leave two o'clock and then we can
end up the industries have up to five
I'm not going to be happy
hey does it tense and we don't get
messed up 11 so you know you're gonna be
there okay okay
I'll spend a few hours there feeling
like I'm refresher again it's gonna be
great
whenever I'm enlightened I want to sing
that song from Paddington
[Music]
classic London
hello everyone we are in our seat my
feets got upgraded we were supposed to
be somewhere up there with limits of
view with limited view but the guy was
like only only two of you well hey you
can sit in very H and we're so close
done very well we're very lucky like
them
The Londoner is leading the way the show
was very good oh good we're going to a
flat party now well we've got nice
underneath there and see the vibe you
know we don't really care anyway we're
going on the street now Lydia sleeve I
don't even know what it's is we've left
the PSP feeling like really good that's
all really still good show could also
now obviously I want to see Devon Hansen
I really want to be that anyway I'm back
in Bolivia's kitchen I've been to a
party you know I live vicariously
through Lydia and I've become a fresher
again the fresher lifestyle we love it
yeah Lydia is now having some Marmite
bites because she's hungry
and you know what I think it's time for
bed because guys it's approaching 3
o'clock that's pretty late I don't
normally see 3 a.m. I'm normally sound
asleep at this point so yeah
staying the night here then I'll head
back to Cambridge tomorrow you're gonna
have a long lion tomorrow morning though
good morning so today me and Lydia who
is still here we are looking around
Victoria and Albert Museum we might go
to the Natural History Museum after
lunch I think Lydia's team together bit
culture you know we've had it all this
weekend for now it's when he's pulled
into a party kind of wild one last night
you know very wild yeah we're gonna keep
looking around we're in the sculptor's
gallery at the moment whoa
on it we're now in the Natural History
Museum we had to stop earlier for coffee
and croissants and frankly my way we did
need kind of reviving but we're at it
again this is kind of my zone we've been
looking at dinosaurs we look to follow
these men are doing pages yeah I need I
need a little bit more physics e stuff
love them cosmology you know I've got
the celestial sphere and behind me the
bits are agreeing to be honest because
the celestial sphere has caused me many
headaches when trying to figure out
telescope mouth problems this term as I
have spoken to you guys about do
constellations up there I'm getting
better at recognizing close relations
these days
Orion is one might be every day on my
way back from cast dinner I always
thought that once it's always right in
my line of sight as I'm looking back the
crown because my units pointers find the
loot star here another one that looks
like a thick of a sign look at me I am
astronomy
you want to join the opposite
ruin the volcano section I did a project
on Krakatoa when I was how old was I you
six when I was 11 years old hello so I'm
back in Cambridge this evening I got
back just before dinnertime
went and got a ready meal from Saints
prayers because I missed CAF dinner and
I couldn't be bothered to cook at the
point when I got home I was so hungry
that I just wanted instant food I
haven't done any work this evening
either though I've just sat down in the
kitchen played some cards I actually won
a game of poker me winning a game of
poker that is a rare occurrence so that
was exciting I'm going to bed now though
because I'm quite tired after yesterday
London's just quite exhausting you know
because I've been walking around a lot
go to parties staying up late so yeah
it's definitely time to catch up on my
sleep I do want to get some work done
tomorrow my room is also a complete mess
oh my god my laundry I should go sort my
laundry I'm gonna go do my laundry
okay then I'm going to bed that's it for
today's vlog please do like and
subscribe and follow me over on my
Instagram hit the notification bell so
you're notified when I upload and I'll
see you guys next week with another
Cambridge vlog bye guys
[Music]